=head1 WATCHOUT

The following can be adapted to your needs.

=head1 To change

Read the paragraph B<Hierarchy of file>.

In some files there is C<<< <base_dir> >>> change it with appropriate path to find the file or the directory.

=head1 Prerequisites

In the directory <base_dir>/.vim two directories are needed.

The mkdir command is needed to create 2 directories if they don't exist.

=over

mkdir -p <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc

mkdir -p <base_dir>/.vim/headers

=back

=head2 <base_dir>/.vimrc

The file that is read by default (read later on).

=head2 <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc

Contains the instructions.

=head2 <base_dir>/.vim/headers

Contains the headers. Can be modified.

=head1 Local variables

Some local variables within the following files s.a $USER, $HOSTNAME can be changed too, to fit to your needs.

=head1 Hierarchy of file

<base_dir> is the home directory.

<base_dir>/.vimrc is the file that vim will be read in your home directory (standard configuration with vim on Mac OS X).

Put in C<<< <base_dir>/.vimrc >>> the content of the file B<dot.vim.rc>.

->: Calls the file

<base_dir>/.vimrc -> <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc/pm_vimrc

<base_dir>/.vimrc -> <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc/p6_vimrc -> <dir_base>/.vim/headers/p6_header.txt

<base_dir>/.vimrc -> <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc/p6_vimrc -> <dir_base>/.vim/headers/pm6_header.txt

=head1 Admin duties a basic example

In <base_dir>/.vim/vimrc you can specify all the file types that you wants as long as you specify the file type in a file.

If you type I<vi foo.p6> you'll get this:


=over

 #!/usr/bin/env perl6
 
 use v6 ;

 # ------------------------------------------------------
 #`[
 * Created By :
 * File Name :
 * Creation Date : Sun Sep  9 14:10:50 2018
 * Last Modified :
 * Email Address :
 * Version : 0.0.0.0
 * License:
 *       Permission is granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this document under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0
 *       Unported License, which is available at http: //creativecommons.org/licenses/by- nc/3.0/.
 * Purpose :
 ]
 # ------------------------------------------------------

=back

Save the file for the first time with I<:w> then you'll get this message:

=over

 "foo.p6" [New] 18L, 605C written
 W16: Warning: Mode of file "foo.p6" has changed since editing started
 See ":help W16" for more info.
 [O]K, (L)oad File:

=back

Press enter to accept. Then you'll get the following and then you can save with I<:w>. 

Next save it will modify the last date saved in the field I<* Last Modified :> and, fill some fields for you.

=over

 #!/usr/bin/env perl6
 use v6 ;

 # ------------------------------------------------------
 #`[
 * Created By : sdo
 * File Name : foo.p6
 * Creation Date : Sun Sep  9 14:10:50 2018
 * Last Modified : Sun Sep  9 14:27:18 2018
 * Email Address : sdo@macbook-pro-de-sdo.home
 * Version : 0.0.0.0
 * License:
 *       Permission is granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this document under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0
 *       Unported License, which is available at http: //creativecommons.org/licenses/by- nc/3.0/.
 * Purpose :
 ]
 # ------------------------------------------------------

=back
